Containerized portal (#2835)
ColoredCow/portal: docs/prerequisites.md

# git version 2.33.0.windows.2
```

> ### 2. You can take one of the following two paths:-

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. Installation options
The portal can be installed in two following ways. If you are familiar with Docker, please choose option 1 below, otherwise go with option 2
```

### a. Docker setup		b. PHP, MySQL, Apache:

### Docker setup

> # Lets begin with the Docker setup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Lets begin with the Docker setup:
```
